# 2021-07-02
- a quick question
- Do you have a minute?
- phrase
- travel wallet
- an experience
- dentist
- a culture
- to exchange
- to grab means pick up quickly
- we can start the store with the travel wallets are sold

# 2021-07-03
- a creature 生物
- resist 拒绝
- I work at a pretty ordinary 9 to 5 job.
- a pal
- to abandon
- to adopt
- spending time with these lively creatures gives me a lot of energy
- his front left leg was injured, which I guess is why he was abandoned.
- puppy

# 2021-07-04
- to destination
- disappointment 失望
- public transportation
- to explore
- politely 
- really, very 修饰副词强调副词的程度
- an expedition
- the scientists made an expedition to the South Pole
- curious 好奇的
- to hitchhike
- delighted
- on board
- luggage
- a departure 离开
- to delay
- to complain
- the departure time is half-past two  in the afternoon
- heavy fog
- a power adapter
- travel payload
- what are you up to

# 2021-07-04

- incredible
- plus
- besides
- what's more
- for example
- for instance
- a version
- natural
- fair   
- to wave
- to watch over
- I wished her luck and waved goodbye
- can you watch over my cat while I am away.
- natural

# 2021-07-07

- you still have me 
- It's never easy to get over the loss of your loved ones.
- reach out
- dad says grandpa will always be watching over us
- the thing is 
- the only thing is
- the other thing is
- allergic
- you see, I am not really into horror movies
- upset
- the truth is

# 2021-07-08
- At least your Chinese is better than mine.
- advise
- natural
- I think we should study with some beginning conversation phrases.
- you should practice before and after each tutoring session
- expert

# 2021-07-10
- loan 
- brainstorm 头脑风暴
- research
- a challenge
- sth is challenging
- ingredients

# 2021-07-12
- dentist appointment 牙医预约
- because  
- as
- since 都表示原因, as较为书面
- put a lot of effort
- to advertise
- the firm made an effort to advertise themself on social media
- to compete 与某人竞争 compete with somebody, compete with something
- a competitor
- select 精挑细选 choose 比较随意的选
- select somebody as ... 
- effort

# 2021-07-14
- potential  潜力
- intern 实习生
- competitor
- not in the mood for beer
- investor
- I feel you  我懂你
- Exactly 恰好的
- internship

- be not in the mood 
- be upset about
- feel down

# 2021-07-15
- to tap 轻敲
- pour tea 倒茶
- cuisine 烹饪
- spices 香料
- absolutely
- spicy cuisine 辣口味
- a bite of China 舌尖上的中国
- I could hear him tipping his finger on his table
- would you like me to pour you some more wine.
- a snake bit her hand when she was at the zoo.
- every style of Chinese cuisine is different from one another.

# 2021-07-19
- garlic 大蒜
- ginger 生姜
- chilies 辣椒
- sauce 酱油
- thick 厚的
- peel 剥皮
- curry 咖喱
- ground 磨碎
- chop 剁碎
- grind
- add the ingredients and spices to the pan.

# 2021-07-20
- to be keen on something 热衷于做某事
- (not) as ... as  表示比较
- nearly as expensive as
- appealing 吸引人的
- dishes 菜肴,餐具

- curry 咖喱

# 2021-07-23
- may also
- may not
- he may not be interested
- he may also not have enought money
- i'm sorry but you may not check in unless you show me your passport
- grease 抹油

- a grave 墓穴
- to visit a grave
- a funeral 葬礼
- tell death to us part
- comfort 安慰

# 2021-07-24
- certainly 当然
- emperor
- poet 诗人

- to drive away
- comedies 喜剧
- a reward
- a preference  倾向于
- pepper and chili  胡椒和辣椒
- colleagues
- food has helped me get thuogh many difficult times
- Unfortunately
- did you manage to get tickets for the concert 
- lousy 不好的

# 2021-07-25
- to defeat 击败
- marvelous 了不起的,非凡的
- a comfort zone 舒适区
- an objective

### 表达不满情绪
- come on, give me a break
- I can't believe it
- here we go again (不好的事情)又发生了
- or not?

- nonsense

# 2021-07-26
- occasion 理由
- anniversary 周年纪念
- collar 衣领
- beef
- tasty 
- a while
- a memory
